Prelude Wan Que
Prelude Wan Que does not have annual leave
Take him down here!
Leave a good testimony
Mr. Bo
Uncle has come to Bo Mansion, do we want to?
Grandpa loves you very much
Yunyan, we will go back when we go back. Yes.
What about the tenth master?
My grandfather has been here for almost two days.
Can't even see his people
Grandpa Ten Eyes will be in the hospital for the next two days
Damn it! An irrelevant woman gets hurt
Offend the eldest young master of his uncle's family
Accompany him in person at the hospital
What does grandpa say?
Is your warmth also because of Hama's injury?
It is understandable for Shiyan to accompany her in the past
Yunyan girl
Why are you standing up for this woman?
You are the future real lady